# Euler-Spoiler
Solve Project Euler Questions in multiple languages.

>> The algorithm or the pseudocode is same for a specific problem. What changes is the syntax and programming format as a dev
   moves from one language to another. Though the project is to use only C to solve these problems, I find it a good way
   to test and see the workings in other languages.

## Checklist

- Hola
- add two integers
- fibo series
- binary search
- insert sort
- merge sort

## Java Concepts

The fundamental of programming learning begins with git and java.
Then one can understand higher concepts and frameworks. 

## Questions

E1: `If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. 
The sum of these multiples is 23. Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000`

E2:`Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. 
By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ... By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values 
do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.`

E3: `The prime factors of 13195 are 5, 7, 13 and 29.
What is the largest prime factor of the number 600851475143 ?`

e4: `A palindromic number reads the same both ways. The largest palindrome made from the product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 × 99. 
Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers.`

e5: `2520 is the smallest number that can be divided by each of the numbers from 1 to 10 without any remainder.
What is the smallest positive number that is evenly divisible by all of the numbers from 1 to 20?`

e6:

e7:

e8: 

e9:

e10:

`

